Example Ansible playbook with support for Ubuntu and AWS Linux (#30)
elastio/contrib: ansible-deploy-infrastructure-with-elastio/README.md

## Deploy Infrastructure with Ansible and Elastio

---
### Author: Robert Saylor
AWS Certified Cloud Practitioner

Email: customphpdesign@gmail.com

### Requirements
- Ansible
- boto2
- python3

### Pem Key
Copy your PEM key to the pem directory and set the proper permission. The filename must match the key name in AWS.

If your key name in AWS is my-ssh-key then the PEM filename would be my-ssh-key.pem

### Operating Systems

In this example we will cover Ubuntu 20.04 and AWS Linux 2.

- Ubuntu 20.04 marketplace AMI "[ami-08d4ac5b634553e16](https://aws.amazon.com/marketplace/pp/prodview-iftkyuwv2sjxi)"
- AWS Linux 2 marketplace AMI "[ami-0cff7528ff583bf9a](https://aws.amazon.com/marketplace/pp/prodview-wbr4b4xclx32c)"

>> Before using any AMI documented it is best to go to AWS > Click on Launch EC2 > and search for the AMI there.

### Playbook Parameters

> - ami : This should be a valid AMI on the AWS Marketplace
> - ssh_key: This is the name of your SSH key located on your AWS account
> - instance_type: Example: t3.medium
> - os_type: ubuntu | aws_linux (pass only one value)
> - security_group: The security group ID
> - vpc_subnet_id: The VPC subnet ID
> - region: The region to deploy the new EC2. Example: [us-east-1](https://docs.aws.amazon.com/general/latest/gr/rande.html)
> - profile: The IAM Profile with the permissions assigned

Reviewer: It will be more clear to render the parameter names in a fixed with code font:

```suggestion
- `ami` : This should be a valid AMI on the AWS Marketplace
- `ssh_key`: This is the name of your SSH key located on your AWS account
- `instance_type`: Example: t3.medium
- `os_type`: ubuntu | aws_linux (pass only one value)
- `security_group`: The security group ID
- `vpc_subnet_id`: The VPC subnet ID
- `region`: The region to deploy the new EC2. Example: [us-east-1](https://docs.aws.amazon.com/general/latest/gr/rande.html)
- `profile`: The IAM Profile with the permissions assigned
```

### IAM Role

From IAM click on Roles.

Click on Create role

Select AWS Service and select EC2 from the Common use cases.

> Filter the policies you wish to assign to the role. Elastio comes with 6 policies. Assign only the policies required to perform your operation to your role. See [Elastio Policies](https://docs.elastio.com/src/getting-started/elastio-policies.html) for more details.

Reviewer: This number will probably change, let's keep it vague

```suggestion
Filter the policies you wish to assign to the role. Elastio comes with several pre-defined IAM policies, all starting with the prefix `Elastio`. Assign only the policies required to perform your operation to your role. See [Elastio Policies](https://docs.elastio.com/src/getting-started/elastio-policies.html) for more details.
```
